As usual, this assignment was challenging. I had to learn some new things and do a fair amount of desperate texting to code-savvy friends. I learned .tolist() and zip(), which both seem like they might be very useful things to have in the toolbox. 

My favorite trend of this data set is the "Max Temp v Latitude." There's a beautiful cresecent shape that shows that temperatures increase as latitude approaches 0, from either positive or negative numbers. This reflects the change from arctic to temperatate to tropical zones on the globe. It's also fun to see that there are fewer data points in the negative numbers of the y axis, which corresponds to the fact that there are notably fewer cities in the Southern Hemisphere. The graph looks like a flock of swallows in flight. 

Th linear regression models of this data showed strong correlations only between latitude and temperature. The other plots (Humidity v. Latitude, Cloudiness v Latitude, etc.) do not show such strong relationships. It might be hypothesized that humidity and cloudiness have less relationship wtih latitude and possibly more relationships with other factors such as elevation, distance from oceans, wind currents, etc. 

Cloudiness is not correlated with any particular latitude, but it does cluster strongly around certain measurements of cloudiness. Again, this is likely due to other factors besides altitude (mountain ranges, wind patterns, distance from oceans, etc. I would be interested in trying to pull out some of these other factors and see if the reasons for these clusters could be determined. 